process.md, before:

create the image div,
create the styling for the image div, and then inject the svgs and then the image
make the ondrag classes
download the delete button
position the delete button
add all the necessary event listeners and connect them to the classes
add the fileReader  gbo gbo eh
test the image upload with it
test input component
write a documentation on how to use the form component when you figure it out
create the homepage of the bookateria new
add the categories compoenent
add the categories or the book-shelf page
add the requested books page 
make all the pages you have built responsive
happy pushing :) you were productive today

 
create the image input component , (it will the abiltity to recieve images that are dragged into the area   )
make a top loader component
create a layout component
decide to add that steven phone click event


<!-- final fight -->
<!-- add the font -->
<!-- create the homepage -->
<!-- create the login, sign up and sign in pages -->
<!-- fix the right buttons on all the right pages -->
<!-- fix all the links frotm the home page and beyond -->
make the categories page
make the empty libarary page that the all the tags in the categories page lead to 
make all the available pages responsive (including the form pages)
make the book details links or make a function that redirects to thier book/id
make the requested books page
make the caegories page



































add the drag and drop to the image upload , make sur ethe image upload works
create the requested books page





FUCTIONALITY THAT MUST BE CONCLUDED TODAY
==========================================

1  I must be able to pass in a config object to the forms component and then ill get the requred form that i need
2 I must be able to upload the required files and see the image (we shall use cloudinary) , and the name of the book
3 Create all the required form pages
4 I must create the neat scroll bar of the the right hand side of the screen
5 All the created pages must be responsive
6 Create the Requested books page (Must be responsive)
7 Create the empty bookarteria page (Must be responsive)
8 Create the homepage (Must be responsive)

Commit message:

created the requested books page

process.md, after:

create the image div,
create the styling for the image div, and then inject the svgs and then the image
make the ondrag classes
download the delete button
position the delete button
add all the necessary event listeners and connect them to the classes
add the fileReader  gbo gbo eh
test the image upload with it
test input component
write a documentation on how to use the form component when you figure it out
create the homepage of the bookateria new
add the categories compoenent
add the categories or the book-shelf page
add the requested books page 
make all the pages you have built responsive
happy pushing :) you were productive today

 
create the image input component , (it will the abiltity to recieve images that are dragged into the area   )
make a top loader component
create a layout component
decide to add that steven phone click event


<!-- final fight -->
<!-- add the font -->
<!-- create the homepage -->
<!-- create the login, sign up and sign in pages -->
<!-- fix the right buttons on all the right pages -->
<!-- fix all the links frotm the home page and beyond -->
<!-- make the categories page -->
<!-- make the empty libarary page that the all the tags in the categories page lead to  -->
make all the available pages responsive (including the form pages)
<!-- make the book details links or make a function that redirects to thier book/id -->
make the requested books page
<!-- make the caegories page -->
make the drag and drop work for the image upload
make the cloudinary kinni work



































add the drag and drop to the image upload , make sur ethe image upload works
create the requested books page





FUCTIONALITY THAT MUST BE CONCLUDED TODAY
==========================================

1  I must be able to pass in a config object to the forms component and then ill get the requred form that i need
2 I must be able to upload the required files and see the image (we shall use cloudinary) , and the name of the book
3 Create all the required form pages
4 I must create the neat scroll bar of the the right hand side of the screen
5 All the created pages must be responsive
6 Create the Requested books page (Must be responsive)
7 Create the empty bookarteria page (Must be responsive)
8 Create the homepage (Must be responsive)
